We definitely don't get to swim in the middle of the ocean. So, I actually
did get to swim in the ocean but that's not very common. One day
it was like really hot, we had been out to sea for a month, two months,
people were getting antsy. So we had a swim call. So what happened
was our aircraft carrier was, it came to a full stop, we had navy
seals in boats around the water with guns to shoot sharks, and we
could jump from the elevator, the aircraft elevator, which is really
far far up. It's about like a five or six second drop, once you drop
over the edge. It's kinda like a diving board. So you jump over the
edge, you go down in this beautiful bath water, and keep going then
it gets really cold, then you come back up and it's warm again, and
then you're supposed to swim to the back of the ship. So it's about
another maybe, minute more to go to the back, and then you have to
get out. So it's not like you can like hang out there you know swim,
throw a frisbee around, like play volleyball or anything. It's like
you jump across, go down in the water, and then you come out, and
you swim to the back. You can do that many times you know, but I did
it once just to see. I think I actually did it twice. It was kinda
fun, I can barely swim so that's good enough for me.